put the flour in a bowl and adding a
little water at a time bring the flour
together with your hands to make a dough
start to knead the dough using your
knuckles folding as you go the dough
should come together and come away from
your hand and the bowl set to one side
for half an hour put some dry flour on a
flat plate for dusting flour your hands
and take a tangerine sized ball of dough
roll the dough in the palm of your hands
creating a smooth ball flatten it with
your fingers then holding the dough in
one hand rotate it round to flatten out
with the other flour again and begin to
roll out turn it over flour and roll
again try not to let it stick pick it up
and pass from one hand to the other as
if you are clapping this evens it out
and removes any excess flour to cook
carefully place the roti flat on your
warmed pan try not to let the roti fold
you will see the color of the roti
darken after about 10 seconds turn the
roti over if using gas turn the heat
down a little and when bubbles appear
after about 10 seconds take the pan off
the hob and put the roti directly onto
the flame the roti will begin to puff up
turn it over so it doesn't burn
once it's all puffed set to one side on
a clean tea towel and cover to keep warm
rotis are great for mopping up any dish
with a source